# handler to Sys.Application.load (ASPNETComboBoxSysApplicationLoad)
## Requires
* Visual Studio 2010
## License
* MS-LPL
## Technologies
* AJAX
* ASP.NET
## Topics
* AJAX
## IsPublished
* True
## ModifiedDate
* 2012-05-10 07:59:20
## Description
==================================================================<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; VBComboBoxSysApplicationLoad<br>
==================================================================<br>
USE<br>
<br>
The sample illustrates the use of Sys.Application.add_load to add an handler to <br>
Sys.Application.load event. And the handler, usually scripted by users can <br>
successfully access DOMs generated by AJAX control toolkit. Otherwise, by simply <br>
placing a &lt;script&gt; tag in the page, may not find the DOMs, and their attriutes <br>
as expected.<br>
<br>
This sample comes up because when some of the users use client side methods, say<br>
getElementById(), getElementsByTagName() to access DOM's generated by AJAX <br>
control toolkit, they fail to get the attribute(s) of some specific DOMs. So, <br>
they can't script to add features at client side to meet their personal needs <br>
or project's requirement by ASP.net technology.<br>
<br>
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////<br>
DEMO<br>
<br>
Step 1<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Press CTRL&#43;F5 to load the applicaion<br>
<br>
Step 2<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;After the page loaded, it pops up 2 alert boxes. Fist shows empty, second
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;shows &quot;I am a TextBox&quot;<br>
<br>
Step 3<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Open WebForm1.aspx with an text editor. At line 39, comment out loader()
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;function - place two slashes before the code, something like //loader();<br>
<br>
Step 4<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Remove the two slashed before Sys.Application.add_load(loader);<br>
<br>
Step 5<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Save and press Ctrl&#43;F5 to reload the applicaion<br>
<br>
Step 6<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;It now shows &quot;Item 1&quot; in the first alert box, and &quot;I am a TextBox.&quot; <br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;in the second alert box.<br>
<br>
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////<br>
CODE LOGIC<br>
<br>
Step 1<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Creat an empty ASP.NET Web Application Project<br>
<br>
Step 2<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Add a Web Form page in the project<br>
<br>
Step 3<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Install AJAX Control Toolkit<br>
<br>
Step 4<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Add a ComboBox Control, whose ID is ComboBox1 with two ListItems<br>
<br>
Step 5<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;At code behind, in Page_Load. Add one ListItem to ComboBox1<br>
<br>
Step 6<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Add one TextBox Control for comparison. <br>
<br>
Step 7 <br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Create a javascript function to iterate all inputs whose type is &quot;text&quot;.
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Expect that &quot;Item1&quot; and &quot;I am a TextBox.&quot; get alerted. Alternatively,
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;&quot;added at code behind&quot; is alerted because it is created at code behind.<br>
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Note: As Both ComboBox and TextBox are rendered &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; /&gt; at
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;client side, expectedly they can be found by using <br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;document.getElementsByTagName('input') and <br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;element.getAttribute('type') == 'text'. But in fact only the TextBox
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Control's value can be retrived.<br>
<br>
Step 8<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;Use Microsoft AJAX's Sys.Application.add_load to load the function created
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp;in Step 7. This time both &quot;Item1&quot; and &quot;I am a TextBox.&quot; are alerted.<br>
<br>
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////<br>
REFERENCE<br>
<br>
Ajax Control Toolkit ComboBox<br>
http://www.asp.net/ajax/ajaxcontroltoolkit/Samples/ComboBox/ComboBox.aspx<br>
<br>
Ajax<br>
Control Toolkit Library<br>
http://www.asp.net/ajaxlibrary/Reference.Sys-Application-load-Event.ashx<br>
<br>
getAttribute Method<br>
http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms536429(v=vs.85).aspx<br>
